fix: spelling errors in the PR template (#692)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

> <!-- If this pull request solves an issue, as an example, use `Closes #31`. #31 stands for the issue number -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- If your PR fixes an open issue, use `Closes #999` to link your PR with the Issue. #999 stands for the issue number you are fixing -->
```

## Changes proposed

> <!-- Here come all the changes proposed through this PR -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- List all the changes proposed in your PR -->
```

> <!-- Check all the boxes which are applicable to check the box correct follow the following conventions -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Mark all the applicable boxes. To mark the box as done follow the following conventions -->
```

<!--

> [x] - Correct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[x] - Marked as done
```

> [X] - Correct

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ ] - Marked as **not** done
```

-->

> ## Check List (Check all the applicable boxes) <!-- Follow the above conventions to check the box -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Check List (Mark all the applicable boxes) <!-- Follow the conventions mentioned above to mark the boxes -->
```

## Changes proposed

<!-- List all the proposed changes in your PR -->

<!-- Mark all the applicable boxes. To mark the box as done follow the following conventions -->
<!--
[x] - Correct; marked as done
[X] - Correct; marked as done

[ ] - Correct; marked as **not** done
-->

## Check List (Check all the applicable boxes) <!-- Follow the above conventions to check the box -->

- [ ] My code follows the code style of this project.

> - [ ] My change requires a change to the documentation.

Reviewer 2: maybe change/changes? (could be multiple too)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] My change requires change(s) to the documentation.
```

## Changes proposed

<!-- List all the proposed changes in your PR -->

<!-- Mark all the applicable boxes. To mark the box as done follow the following conventions -->
<!--
[x] - Correct; marked as done
[X] - Correct; marked as done

> [ ] - Correct; marked as **not** done

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[ ] - Not correct; marked as **not** done
```

## Note to reviewers

> <!-- Add notes to reviewers if applicable -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Add notes for the reviewers if needed -->
```
